jamali supercross live on supercross
online com well we always talk about the
roller coaster ride Nick way here talk
about that roller coaster and I'm not
talking about that crash last week in
Dallas but a sixth week before your best
finish of the year in Toronto you come
to Dallas any other at a horrifying
crash or you all right coming into st.
Louis yeah i had a like you said I had a
big crash last weekend but just
basically just pushing to try to get up
there and race with the you know the top
guys that's what happens when you're
trying to be better it's a easy to make
a big mistake so just sticking to my
game plan I keep trying to go for it and
get up there and mix it up with these
title contenders and get my Valley
Rockstar yamaha up front I walk me
through that lap you go through that
gnarly whoop section you got that
left-hander a little bit of sand then
you got that double what happens over
that double Americans I mean you were
flying over there before your motorcycle
got there yeah basically I got going
down through the sand you know I got a
lot of momentum and then I caught
neutral somehow and then took off the
jump in you know thinking I was gonna
shift up at the bottom and then I had a
malfunction there and just basically had
to jump off and luckily I'm okay so this
week I definitely was sore and spent a
lot of time at the physical therapist
but we're ready to go here in st. Louis
did you ride this weekend this week
prior to the event I mean I talking to a
lot of guys and I'm talking Millsaps and
Justin Brayton those guys also add hard
crashes last week yeah I wrote I wrote a
little bit this week nothing like my
normal schedule but just trying to
loosen up and you know it was my John my
neck and my hip and my knee and
basically I was just sore all over but
not nothing serious and should be a
hundred percent here tonight four more
rounds to go you think he can get that
Yamaha on that top five I mean I know
you you want to get that I mean you know
with that good finish you had in Toronto
but you're looking at a top five still
yeah I mean for sure that's what we're
pushing for the like I said that the
valley rockstar yamaha guys are behind
me one hundred percent we've been making
you know huge improvements to the bike
the last few weeks basically to help me
ride it faster and last week and I
qualified one of my best qualifying
practices and then you know had a decent
heat race and was excited about the main
was in a good position and just happen
to crash i mean like i said it happens
when you're pushing to try to be better
but just excited about my chances here
tonight to get inside the top five